README.md, before:

# what's this project
This project allows you to automaticaly download opening and ending songs from all of your favorite anime without the need of downoading everything yourself. Since almost every weeb uses MAL to track the anime he's watching, this tool is really useful, as every information you need to give it has been written down already. All you need to do is to [export your anime list with this link](https://myanimelist.net/panel.php?go=export)  and place it in the same folder as the python file. You can just run it freely from console, if you want to change some settings, look at `python downloader.py -h`
# disclaimer
All videos are downloaded from animethemes.moe and originally belong to studios who made them. You are not allowed to distribute any videos downloaded, unless you have permission from the studios that made it and animethemes.moe.
Note that owning and distributing the program itself is allowed.
# how to use
- clone this repository or download all the required files
- do `pip install  -r requirements.txt` to install all required libraries
- import downloader.main or run in console
# arguments
```arg
usage: downloader.py [-h] [-f export] [-F folder] [--s [skip]] [-m min_score] [--d [dropped]]
                     [--p [planned]] [--a [audio]] [--q [quality]] [-v preferred_version]
                     [-e excluded [excluded ...]]

Download anime openings and endings using a MAL export file and animethemes.moe. By searching
through your animelist and picking out every anime, this program finds all of your liked anime. It
then parses it and using an animethemes.moe api finds all anime OP's and ED's. It then downloads it
in either mp3 or webm file format, allowing you to get that weeb shit you deserve.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -f export             MAL export file, can be zipped or unzipped.
  -F folder             Folder to save the integers into.
  --s [skip]            Skip songs that are already downloaded.
  -m min_score          Minimum score that has to be given to a show to be downloaded.
  --d [dropped]         Include anime that has been dropped.
  --p [planned]         Include anime that hasn't been watched yet.
  --a [audio]           Download mp3 instead of video.
  --q [quality]         Download videos in higher quality.
  -v preferred_version  Preferred version to download, used to download openings that otherwise
                        cause problems
  -e excluded [excluded ...]
                        All anime that should be excluded from download, can be also MAL id.
```
# TODO
- smarter file recognition
- minor optimizations
- prettier printing

Commit message:

Update readme to reflec newest version
Added a hint to eneter your username

README.md, after:

# what's this project
This project allows you to automaticaly download opening and ending songs from all of your favorite anime without the need of downoading everything yourself. Since almost every weeb uses MAL to track the anime he's watching, this tool is really useful, as every information you need to give it has been written down already. All you need to do is to [export your anime list with this link](https://myanimelist.net/panel.php?go=export) or just enter your MAL username. You can just run it freely from console. If you want to change some settings, look at `python downloader.py -h`
# disclaimer
All videos are downloaded from animethemes.moe and originally belong to studios who made them. You are not allowed to distribute any videos downloaded, unless you have permission from the studios that made it and animethemes.moe.
Note that owning and distributing the program itself is allowed.
# how to install
- clone this repository or download all the required files
- do `pip install  -r requirements.txt` to install all required libraries
# usage
1) enter your mal username or export your animelist and place it into the same folder as downloader.py
2) set the name of a folder you want to save to, defaults to saving in the same folder as downloader.py
3) set wheter you want video, HD video (`--q`) or audio (`--a`)
4) if any videos are broken, you can try chnaging versions `--v` and any videos with an alternative will download instead
# arguments
```arg
usage: downloader.py [-h] [-f export] [-u username] [-F folder] [--s [skip]]
                     [-m min_score] [--d [dropped]] [--p [planned]]
                     [--a [audio]] [--q [quality]] [-v preferred_version]
                     [-e excluded [excluded ...]]

Download anime openings and endings using your AML username or a MAL export
file and animethemes.moe. By searching through your animelist and picking out
every anime, this program finds all of your liked anime. It then parses it and
using an animethemes.moe api finds all anime OP's and ED's. It then downloads
it in either mp3 or webm file format, allowing you to get that weeb shit you
deserve.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -f export             MAL export file, can be zipped or unzipped.
  -u username           MAL export file, can be zipped or unzipped.
  -F folder             Folder to save the integers into.
  --s [skip]            Skip songs that are already downloaded.
  -m min_score          Minimum score that has to be given to a show to be
                        downloaded.
  --d [dropped]         Include anime that has been dropped.
  --p [planned]         Include anime that hasn't been watched yet.
  --a [audio]           Download mp3 instead of video.
  --q [quality]         Download videos in higher quality.
  -v preferred_version  Preferred version to download, used to download
                        openings that otherwise cause problems
  -e excluded [excluded ...]
                        All anime that should be excluded from download, can
                        be also MAL id.
```
# TODO
- smarter file recognition
- code optimizations
- network optimizations
- colored printing
- higher usability with importing
